Add troubleshooting section for labeling nodes with reserved labels (#6758)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/troubleshooting/troubleshooting.md

* [Prerequisite Checklist for EKS Anywhere on Snow]({{< relref "../getting-started/snow/snow-getstarted/#prerequisite-checklist" >}}) 
* [Requirements for EKS Anywhere on Nutanix Cloud Infrastructure]({{< relref "../getting-started/nutanix/nutanix-prereq" >}}) 

### Labeling nodes with reserved labels such as node-role.kubernetes.io fails with kubeadm error during bootstrap

If cluster creation or upgrade fails to complete successfully and kubelet throws an error similar to the following, please refer this section.

```
unknown 'kubernetes.io' or 'k8s.io' labels specified with --node-labels: [node-role.kubernetes.io/worker].
--node-labels in the 'kubernetes.io' namespace must begin with an allowed prefix (kubelet.kubernetes.io, node.kubernetes.io) or be in the specifically allowed set (beta.kubernetes.io/arch, beta.kubernetes.io/instance-type, beta.kubernetes.io/os, failure-domain.beta.kubernetes.io/region, failure-domain.beta.kubernetes.io/zone, kubernetes.io/arch, kubernetes.io/hostname, kubernetes.io/os, node.kubernetes.io/instance-type, topology.kubernetes.io/region, topology.kubernetes.io/zone)
```

> Self-assigning Node labels such as node-role.kubernetes.io using the kubelet --node-labels flag is not possible due to a security measure imposed by the NodeRestriction admission controller that kubeadm enables by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Self-assigning Node labels such as `node-role.kubernetes.io` using the kubelet `--node-labels` flag is not possible due to a security measure imposed by the NodeRestriction admission controller that kubeadm enables by default.
```

> Assigning such labels to Nodes can be done after the bootstrap process has completed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assigning such labels to nodes can be done after the bootstrap process has completed:
```

* [Prerequisite Checklist for EKS Anywhere on Snow]({{< relref "../getting-started/snow/snow-getstarted/#prerequisite-checklist" >}}) 
* [Requirements for EKS Anywhere on Nutanix Cloud Infrastructure]({{< relref "../getting-started/nutanix/nutanix-prereq" >}}) 

### Labeling nodes with reserved labels such as `node-role.kubernetes.io` fails with kubeadm error during bootstrap

> If cluster creation or upgrade fails to complete successfully and kubelet throws an error similar to the one below, please refer this section. The cluster spec for the EKSA create or upgrade might look something like:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If cluster creation or upgrade fails to complete successfully and kubelet throws an error similar to the one below, please refer this section. The cluster spec for EKS Anywhere create or upgrade might look something like:
```

.
.
```

If your cluster spec looks like the above one for either the control plane configuration and/or worker node configuration, you might run into the below kubelet error.
```
unknown 'kubernetes.io' or 'k8s.io' labels specified with --node-labels: [node-role.kubernetes.io/worker].
--node-labels in the 'kubernetes.io' namespace must begin with an allowed prefix (kubelet.kubernetes.io, node.kubernetes.io) or be in the specifically allowed set (beta.kubernetes.io/arch, beta.kubernetes.io/instance-type, beta.kubernetes.io/os, failure-domain.beta.kubernetes.io/region, failure-domain.beta.kubernetes.io/zone, kubernetes.io/arch, kubernetes.io/hostname, kubernetes.io/os, node.kubernetes.io/instance-type, topology.kubernetes.io/region, topology.kubernetes.io/zone)
```
Self-assigning node labels such as `node-role.kubernetes.io` using the kubelet `--node-labels` flag is not possible due to a security measure imposed by the NodeRestriction admission controller that kubeadm enables by default.

Assigning such labels to nodes can be done after the bootstrap process has completed:

```
kubectl label nodes <name> node-role.kubernetes.io/worker=""
```

> For convenience, here is an example one-liner to do this post installation

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For convenience, here are example one-liners to do this post installation:
```

```

> # Kubernetes 1.19 (kubeadm 1.19 sets only the node-role.kubernetes.io/master label)
> kubectl get nodes --no-headers -l '!node-role.kubernetes.io/master' -o jsonpath='{range .items[*]}{.metadata.name}{"\n"}' | xargs -I{} kubectl label node {} node-role.kubernetes.io/worker=''
> # Kubernetes >= 1.20 (kubeadm >= 1.20 sets the node-role.kubernetes.io/control-plane label)
> kubectl get nodes --no-headers -l '!node-role.kubernetes.io/control-plane' -o jsonpath='{range .items[*]}{.metadata.name}{"\n"}' | xargs -I{} kubectl label node {} node-role.kubernetes.io/worker=''

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# For Kubernetes 1.19 (kubeadm 1.19 sets only the node-role.kubernetes.io/master label)
kubectl get nodes --no-headers -l '!node-role.kubernetes.io/master' -o jsonpath='{range .items[*]}{.metadata.name}{"\n"}' | xargs -I{} kubectl label node {} node-role.kubernetes.io/worker=''

# For Kubernetes >= 1.20 (kubeadm >= 1.20 sets the node-role.kubernetes.io/control-plane label)
kubectl get nodes --no-headers -l '!node-role.kubernetes.io/control-plane' -o jsonpath='{range .items[*]}{.metadata.name}{"\n"}' | xargs -I{} kubectl label node {} node-role.kubernetes.io/worker=''
```

* [Prerequisite Checklist for EKS Anywhere on Snow]({{< relref "../getting-started/snow/snow-getstarted/#prerequisite-checklist" >}}) 
* [Requirements for EKS Anywhere on Nutanix Cloud Infrastructure]({{< relref "../getting-started/nutanix/nutanix-prereq" >}}) 

### Labeling nodes with reserved labels such as `node-role.kubernetes.io` fails with kubeadm error during bootstrap

> If cluster creation or upgrade fails to complete successfully and kubelet throws an error similar to the one below, please refer this section. The cluster spec for EKS Anywhere create or upgrade might look something like:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If cluster creation or upgrade fails to complete successfully and kubelet throws an error similar to the one below, please refer to this section. The cluster spec for EKS Anywhere create or upgrade should look like:
```

```
.
.
   controlPlaneConfiguration:        
      count: 2                       
      endpoint:                      
         host: "192.168.x.x"
      labels:                        
        "node-role.kubernetes.io/control-plane": "cp"
   workerNodeGroupConfigurations: 
   - count: 2 
     labels:                        
        "node-role.kubernetes.io/worker": "worker"
.
.
```

> If your cluster spec looks like the above one for either the control plane configuration and/or worker node configuration, you might run into the below kubelet error.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If your cluster spec looks like the above one for either the control plane configuration and/or worker node configuration, you might run into the below kubelet error:
```

```
unknown 'kubernetes.io' or 'k8s.io' labels specified with --node-labels: [node-role.kubernetes.io/worker].
--node-labels in the 'kubernetes.io' namespace must begin with an allowed prefix (kubelet.kubernetes.io, node.kubernetes.io) or be in the specifically allowed set (beta.kubernetes.io/arch, beta.kubernetes.io/instance-type, beta.kubernetes.io/os, failure-domain.beta.kubernetes.io/region, failure-domain.beta.kubernetes.io/zone, kubernetes.io/arch, kubernetes.io/hostname, kubernetes.io/os, node.kubernetes.io/instance-type, topology.kubernetes.io/region, topology.kubernetes.io/zone)
```
Self-assigning node labels such as `node-role.kubernetes.io` using the kubelet `--node-labels` flag is not possible due to a security measure imposed by the NodeRestriction admission controller that kubeadm enables by default.

Assigning such labels to nodes can be done after the bootstrap process has completed:

```
kubectl label nodes <name> node-role.kubernetes.io/worker=""
```

> For convenience, here are example one-liners to do this post installation:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
For convenience, here are example one-liners to do this post-installation:
```
